Add migration details for extension api docs (#3074)
kontena/lens: docs/extensions/guides/resource-stack.md

  }

  get resourceFolder() {
    return path.join(__dirname, "../resources/");
  }

  install(): Promise<string> {
    console.log("installing example-pod");
    return this.stack.kubectlApplyFolder(this.resourceFolder);
  }

  async isInstalled(): Promise<boolean> {
    try {
      const podApi = forCluster(this.cluster, Pod);
      const examplePod = await podApi.get({name: "example-pod", namespace: "default"});
      
      if (examplePod?.kind) {
        console.log("found example-pod");
        return true;
      }
    } catch(e) {
      console.log("Error getting example-pod:", e);
    }
    console.log("didn't find example-pod");
    
    return false;
  }

  async uninstall(): Promise<string> {
    console.log("uninstalling example-pod");
    return this.stack.kubectlDeleteFolder(this.resourceFolder);
  }
}
```

Cluster features are Kubernetes resources that can be applied to and managed within the active cluster.
They can be installed and uninstalled by the Lens user from the cluster **Settings** page.

!!! info
    To access the cluster **Settings** page, right-click the relevant cluster in the left side menu and click **Settings**.

> The following example shows how to add a cluster feature as part of a `LensRendererExtension`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to add a cluster feature as part of a `Renderer.LensExtension`:
```
